Summary,Description,Component,Labels,Issue Type,Priority,Status,Precondition,Test Steps,Test Data,Expected Result,Assignee,Fix Version,Reporter
User Registration - Valid Data,"Test case for registering a new user with valid data",User Management,regression;functional,Test,High,To Do,"Juice Shop application is accessible
User does not have an existing account","Step 1: Navigate to the Registration page
Step 2: Enter valid email address
Step 3: Enter valid password (meeting complexity requirements)
Step 4: Select security question and provide answer
Step 5: Click ""Register"" button","Email: newuser@example.com
Password: Password123!
Security Question: First pet's name
Answer: Fluffy","1. User is successfully registered
2. Confirmation message is displayed
3. User can login with created credentials
4. User is redirected to the home page after login",,,
User Login - Valid Credentials,"Test case for logging in with valid credentials",User Management,regression;critical-path,Test,High,To Do,"Juice Shop application is accessible
User has a registered account with email ""user@example.com"" and password ""Password123!""","Step 1: Navigate to the Login page
Step 2: Enter email ""user@example.com""
Step 3: Enter password ""Password123!""
Step 4: Click ""Log in"" button","Email: user@example.com
Password: Password123!","1. User is successfully logged in
2. User is redirected to the home page
3. Navigation menu displays logged-in user options",,,
SQL Injection in Login Form,"Test case for validating protection against SQL injection in login form",Security,security;injection,Test,Highest,To Do,"Juice Shop application is accessible
Login form is available","Step 1: Navigate to the login page
Step 2: Enter ' OR 1=1 -- in the email field
Step 3: Enter any value in the password field
Step 4: Click ""Log in"" button","Email: ' OR 1=1 --
Password: anyvalue","1. Login attempt fails
2. No database error is exposed
3. No unauthorized access is granted
4. Application logs the attempt as a potential attack",,,
Add Item to Basket,"Test case for adding products to the shopping basket",Shopping Functionality,regression;functional,Test,High,To Do,"Juice Shop application is accessible
User is logged in
Product inventory is available","Step 1: Navigate to product page
Step 2: Click ""Add to Basket"" button for a product
Step 3: Navigate to shopping basket","Product: Apple Juice","1. Product is added to basket
2. Basket icon updates to show item count
3. Product appears correctly in basket with correct price",,,
Product Search - Valid Term,"Test case for searching products with valid search term",Product Management,regression;functional,Test,High,To Do,"Juice Shop application is accessible
Products exist in the system
At least one product contains the word ""Apple""","Step 1: Navigate to the home page
Step 2: Enter ""Apple"" in the search field
Step 3: Press Enter or click search icon","Search term: Apple","1. Search results page displays all products containing ""Apple""
2. No unrelated products are shown
3. Result count is accurate",,,
Get All Products API,"Test case for validating the Get All Products API endpoint",API,api;functional,Test,High,To Do,"Juice Shop API is accessible
Products exist in the database","Step 1: Send GET request to ""/api/Products"" endpoint
Step 2: Observe response","Endpoint: /api/Products
Method: GET","1. API returns 200 OK status
2. Response contains JSON array of products
3. Each product has expected properties (id, name, price, etc.)",,,
XSS in Product Reviews,"Test case for validating protection against XSS in product reviews",Security,security;xss,Test,Highest,To Do,"Juice Shop application is accessible
User is logged in
Product review functionality exists","Step 1: Navigate to a product page
Step 2: Add a review containing XSS payload: <script>alert('XSS')</script>
Step 3: Submit the review
Step 4: View the posted review","Review text: <script>alert('XSS')</script>","1. Script is not executed
2. Input is either rejected or properly sanitized
3. Review text is displayed as plain text or safely escaped HTML",,,
Vertical Privilege Escalation,"Test case for validating protection against privilege escalation",Security,security;access-control,Test,Highest,To Do,"Juice Shop application is accessible
User is logged in with regular user account
Admin functions exist at ""/administration"" path","Step 1: Login as regular user
Step 2: Attempt to access ""/administration"" directly via URL
Step 3: Observe response","URL: /administration","1. Access is denied
2. User is redirected to an appropriate page
3. Error message does not reveal sensitive information
4. Attempt is logged",,,
Mobile Layout,"Test case for validating responsive design on mobile",UI,ui;responsive,Test,High,To Do,"Juice Shop application is accessible
Testing device has mobile viewport (or emulated mobile viewport)","Step 1: Access Juice Shop on mobile device or with mobile emulation
Step 2: Navigate through different pages (home, product details, basket)
Step 3: Test core functionality (search, add to basket, checkout)","Device width: 375px
Device height: 812px","1. UI adapts correctly to mobile viewport
2. All content is visible and properly arranged
3. Key functions work as expected on mobile",,,
Secure Transmission of Credentials,"Test case for validating secure transmission of login credentials",Security,security;data-protection,Test,Highest,To Do,"Juice Shop application is accessible
Login functionality exists","Step 1: Start a network traffic capture
Step 2: Navigate to login page
Step 3: Enter credentials and submit
Step 4: Examine captured traffic","Email: user@example.com
Password: Password123!","1. Traffic is encrypted (HTTPS)
2. Credentials are not visible in clear text
3. Proper TLS version and cipher suites are used",,,
